Enh: Add infrastructure to support a new packaging page (#318)
pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io: _pages/packaging-resources.md

---

> layout: splash

Author: this is actually the new page that reads in the stubs and content above. so this feels like a lot of new pages but really all of them appear as cards on this single new page!

    title: Raising the bar for scientific Python software"
    url: https://www.pyopensci.org/about-peer-review/index.html
    btn_label: Learn more and get involved with peer review today.
    btn_class: btn--primary
packaging-easier:
   - image_path: images/pyopensci-working-together.png
     alt: "A black and grey sketch of a group of people sitting at a desk in front of a monitor smiling."
     title: "Get Involved: Help us improve our scientific Python packaging resources"
     excerpt: "
     We need your help! Our packaging content is community-created and reviewed through an open review process on GitHub. The more feedback that we get, the more useful our resources are to the community. Get involved by:

     * Opening an issue about problems that you find in our guidebook

     * Submitting a pull request that fixes a typo or mistake in the guide.

     * Get credit for your contribution

     All contributions are recognized both on our website and in the guidebook's citation.
     "
     url: https://github.com/pyOpenSci/python-package-guide/pulls

>      btn_label: See what we're working on now

Reviewer: I love that this redirects to the repo!

     btn_class: btn--primary
community-created:
   - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-working-together.png
     alt: "A group of people working on a tetris like set of building blocks, trying to stack the blocks together. "

>      title: "Community created Python Packaging Guide"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     title: "Community-created Python Packaging Guide"
```

     excerpt: "

>      Our packaging guide is a living document that will help you navigate the Python packaging ecosystem and also learn about modern Python packaging best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Our packaging guide is a living document that will help you navigate the Python packaging ecosystem and learn about modern Python packaging best practices.
```

    * Created & curated by the community

    * Reviewed by beginner to expert level Pythonistas

    * Accurate, modern & beginner-friendly

     All contributions are recognized both on our website and in the guidebook's citation.
     "
toc: false
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

<div class="pyos-section purple">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

{% include feature_row id="community-created" type="right" %}

> 

Reviewer: the spacing between 'community created...' and 'guidebook sections' feels too large. is there a way to reduce the amount of negative space here?
<img width="1391" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-25 at 1 08 38 PM" src="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/assets/23085445/bb7cc627-8217-470e-bd10-094ef45770b3">

Reviewer: putting in the ribbons (like those used as section breaks further down) might be a nice touch here - and in the other section breaks on the page. the ribbons give a nice visual flow, and gently break up each section, making it feel less abrupt.

Author: oops my comment below was for the specific point! this is a great point. The spacing here is a product of some of the sitewide styles (specifically the top margin on that h3 tag that is the guidebook sections title. i want to be careful about touching those because we'd want to do a sitewide check. We could do a one-off style but ideally the styles don't get too crazy. 

so how about for now we leave this as is BUT note that in the future it might be nice to create some more custom styles for just this issue. i totally agree is it too much of a gap so it's not clear where it belongs.  it does belong in this section but perhaps closer to the descriptive text above.

Reviewer: that makes sense! another approach (I don't know how disruptive this would be) might be to adjust the font size in a couple of places:
- the text in the community-created section
- the guidebook sections header

shrinking the image size might also help lessen the gap.

all of this can be kind of fiddly so also OK to leave! just sharing ideas :)

Author: that worked. i've actually wanted to add a template item to our includes that are used for those image / text blocks to adjust image width. so i went ahead and did that and it won't be at all disruptive because you can chose to add it or not! (i added a conditional!).

Author: The other thing that is bothering me is the eggshell color doesn't jive with the purple background. but i think maybe we can go back at some point in the future and adjust all of our color palette colors because the website is colors i just picked forever ago. 

<img width="1295" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-25 at 4 16 43 PM" src="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/assets/7649194/f0f7a5fa-98d7-4da2-ac17-5ecef4d58806">

Author: actually looking at it - if that section was more narrow / had more padding on either side, it would visually sit under that "community created packaging guide" h2 title. i'll maybe try that too?

> ### Guidebook sections

Reviewer: I love the cards here! re: the fonts on the cards - these are a bit of an eye-strain for me, and I think it's a combination of size, weight, and color. would it be possible to make the title text a smidge larger (and the dark purple from our palette), the sub-header smaller and//or italicized, and then make the links smaller? there are definitely other ways to approach it, but not having a visual hierarchy makes this a bit difficult to parse.
<img width="420" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-25 at 1 05 51 PM" src="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/assets/23085445/fb94e25a-cc17-4999-b6a9-52c5a6f58aec">

Author: ok they now look like this . because of the way the styles are setup in order to modify that awkward space i'd have to modify sitewide styles. 

let's hold off on that until i have more time to see how those elements will apply throughout the site. But creating visual hierarchy within a card is easy! there is still a bit of tension between the card titles and the section header BUT i think this is good enough for a start at making it easier to skim! 

<img width="980" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-25 at 3 34 18 PM" src="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/assets/7649194/07bcbc1f-21ea-410a-990d-f9c23b7d39b5">

Reviewer: oooh, this is awesome! it's definitely more clear and easier on the eyes!

<div class="tutorial__container">
{% for atutorial in site.packaging %}
  {% include tutorial_grid.html  %}
{% endfor %}
</div>

<div class="clearfix"></div>

</div>
</div>

{% include div_purple_bottom.html  %}

<div class="pyos-section">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

## Python packaging 101

Beginner-friendly Python packaging tutorials that will take you through

> the full process of creating a Python package following modern best

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the full process of creating a Python package, following modern best
```

---
layout: splash
classes: flowing
permalink: /python-packaging-help.html
title: "Python packaging help and resources"
excerpt: "We make the scientific Python package ecosystem easier to navigate through peer review and packaging resources."
header:
  overlay_image: images/header.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.8
intro:
  - excerpt: "More here on community packaging."
scientists:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg

>     alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people from different backgrounds sitting around it, working on laptops and also writing together."
```

    excerpt: "Our catalog of vetted open source tools makes it easier for scientists to find the trusted tools that they need to develop their open science workflows."
    title: "Help scientists find the open science tools that they need"
    url: https://www.pyopensci.org/python-packages.html
    btn_label: View our growing list of accepted scientific Python packages
    btn_class: btn--primary
packaging-easier:
   - image_path: images/people-building-blocks.jpg

>      alt: "A group of people working on a tetris like set of building blocks trying to stack them all together. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     alt: "A group of people working on a tetris like set of building blocks, trying to stack the blocks together. "
```

     title: "Contribute to our packaging resources"

>      excerpt: "More here about our review process with links :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     excerpt: "More about our review process, with links:
```

     * More

     * More
     "
     url: https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide
     btn_label: View our Python packaging guide
     btn_class: btn--primary
partnership_benefits:
  - image_path: /images/peer-review/pyos-partnerships-peer-review.png

>     alt: "Diagram with a light purple background. On the left there is the pyOpenSci purple flower and it says accepted with a check mark above. There are two arrows leading to boxes on the right. The top box says JOSS published with a check next to it and the JOSS logo. The box below says Community Affiliated with a check. THe boxes are numbered 1,2,3. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "Diagram with a light purple background. On the left there is the pyOpenSci purple flower and it says accepted with a check mark above. There are two arrows leading to boxes on the right. The top box says JOSS published with a check next to it and the JOSS logo. The box below says Community Affiliated with a check. The boxes are numbered 1,2,3. "
```

    excerpt: "
Through a single review process, community maintainers:

* Have their package accepted into the pyOpenSci ecosystem

* Can be [published in JOSS (if in scope)](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/partners/joss.html#)

* Can become an affiliated package with your community, following your community guidelines.

* Are supported in maintaining their tools, with input from our diverse, knowledgeable community, including active members from across the Python, Conda, PyPA and broader Python packaging ecosystem."
    title: "Benefits of partnering with us"
toc: false
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

<div class="pyos-section purple">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

## Check out our Python Packaging guidebook pages

> They've been reviewed.. etc etc...

Reviewer: should there be more here?

Author: I'm so sorry, @kierisi ! I must have asked you to review this but it's still a draft PR. so there is absolutely missing text as you've noticed!! 🙃

Reviewer: hahaha @lwasser no worries! I figured as much, but wanted to flag it just in case 😂

<div class="entries-grid">
{% for atutorial in site.packaging %}
  {% include tutorial_grid.html  %}
{% endfor %}
</div>

<div class="clearfix"></div>

More here

</div>
</div>

{% include div_purple_bottom.html  %}

<div class="pyos-section">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

## Check out our Python Packaging tutorials

We are currently developing a beginner-friendly packaging tutorial series.

<div class="entries-grid">
{% for atutorial in site.tutorials %}
  {% include tutorial_grid.html  %}
{% endfor %}
</div>

<div class="clearfix"></div>

> More here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More here:
```

</div>
</div>

{% include div_purple_top.html  %}

<div class="pyos-section purple" markdown="1">
<div class="content" markdown="1">
{% include feature_row id="scientists" type="left" %}

</div>
</div>

{% include div_purple_bottom.html  %}

<div class="pyos-section" markdown="1">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

> SDFSDF

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this is in reference to
